- [Main output](#main-output)
- [Modules](#modules)
  - [extract](#extract)
  - [convert](#convert)
  - [mkvdjref](#mkvdjref)
  - [summarize](#summarize)
  - [match](#match)
  - [multiqc-sgr](#multiqc-sgr)
  - [pipeline\_info](#pipeline_info)

# Main output

- `multiqc/multiqc_report.html` HTML report containing QC metrics.
- `summarize/{sample}_filtered_contig.csv` Annotations of each cellular contig.
- `summarize/{sample}_filtered_contig.fasta` Assembled cellular contig sequences.
- `summarize/{sample}_clonotypes.csv` Description for each clonotype.

# Modules

## extract

Extract the barcode from R1 fastqs and add the barcode to the read names of R1 and R2.

**Output files** 
- `{sample}.{R1,R2}.fq.gz` Fastq files with barcodes added.

## convert

Convert barcodes and UMI to 10X format..

**Output files** 
- `{sample}_S1_L001_R1_001.fastq.gz` New R1 reads as cellranger input.
- `{sample}_S1_L001_R2_001.fastq.gz` New R2 reads as cellranger input.

## mkvdjref

Build custom V,J,C gene database.

**Output files** 
- Reference directory as cellranger input.

## summarize

Summarize and filter from trust4 result files.

**Output files** 
- `{sample}_filtered_contig.csv` Annotations of each cellular contig after filter.
- `{sample}_filtered_contig.fasta` Assembled contig sequences after filter.
- `{sample}_clonotypes.csv` Description for each clonotype.

## match

Match with scRNA-Seq library.

**Output files** 
- `{sample}_matched_contig.csv` Annotations of each cellular contig matched with scRNA-seq.
- `{sample}_matched_contig.fasta` Assembled Contig sequences matched with scRNA-seq.
- `{sample}_clonotypes.csv` Description for each clonotype after match.

## multiqc-sgr

[MultiQC](http://multiqc.info) is a visualization tool that generates a single HTML report summarising all samples in your project. Most of the pipeline QC results are visualised in the report and further statistics are available in the report data directory.

[multiqc-sgr](https://pypi.org/project/multiqc-sgr/) adds some modules on this basis to facilitate the visualization of single cell-related data.

**Output files**

- `multiqc_report.html`: a standalone HTML file that can be viewed in your web browser.
- `multiqc_data/`: directory containing parsed statistics from the different tools used in the pipeline.
- `multiqc_plots/`: directory containing static images from the report in various formats.

## pipeline_info

[Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/tracing.html) provides excellent functionality for generating various reports relevant to the running and execution of the pipeline. This will allow you to troubleshoot errors with the running of the pipeline, and also provide you with other information such as launch commands, run times and resource usage.

**Output files**

- Reports generated by Nextflow: `execution_report.html`, `execution_timeline.html`, `execution_trace.txt` and `pipeline_dag.dot`/`pipeline_dag.svg`.
- Reports generated by the pipeline: `pipeline_report.html`, `pipeline_report.txt` and `software_versions.yml`. The `pipeline_report*` files will only be present if the `--email` / `--email_on_fail` parameter's are used when running the pipeline.
- Reformatted samplesheet files used as input to the pipeline: `samplesheet.valid.csv`.
- Parameters used by the pipeline run: `params.json`.